The season would end the net week	The season would end the next week	typo_short
where do you want to meet to walk there?	where do you want to meet to walk over there?	insert_short
If you're just waiting for Vol 2, why you buy this in the first place?	If you're just waiting for Vol 2, why did you buy this in the first place?	insert_long
We all fragile	We are all fragile	insert_short
All you do is press up and up on the keyboard.	All you do is press up and down on the keyboard.	seman_long
This book is very touching. It tells Dorie's story of all the unbelievably horrible things while growing up.	This book is quite touching. It tells Dorie's story of all the unbelievably horrible things while growing up. 	seman_long
Please let me know if you learn everything tomorrow	Please let me know if you learn anything tomorrow	seman_short
If you're interested in learning to make sourdoughs, this book should give you all the information you'll need.	If you're interested in learning to make sourdoughs, this book will give you all the information you'll need.	seman_long
Untreated septicemic plague is universally fatal, but early treatment with antibiotics reduces the morality rate to between 4 and 15 percent	Untreated septicemic plague is universally fatal, but early treatment with antibiotics reduces the mortality rate to between 4 and 15 percent	typo_long
Only complaint: much "dirt" driving, I prefer cities and concrete. 	Only complaint: too much "dirt" driving, I prefer cities and concrete.	insert_long
I suggest you get facts after judging anyone	I suggest you get facts before judging anyone	seman_short
Unlike a manned interceptor that maneuvers within a plain while climbing, missiles flew straight up and could reach the B-70s altitude in a few minutes.	Unlike a manned interceptor that maneuvers within a plane while climbing, missiles flew straight up and could reach the B-70s altitude in a few minutes.	typo_long
I can understand Bruno and his desire for cooking, but have no clue as to his passion for Laura.	I can understand Bruno and his passion for cooking, but have no clue as to his passion for Laura.	seman_long
This movie with all of its animals really keeps my grandson occupied that I'm babysitting.	This movie with all of its animals really keeps my grandson occupied when I'm babysitting.	seman_short
Quite frankly, I was pretty disappointed.	Quite frankly, I was very disappointed.	seman_short
I'll probably get my dad to put nails in it. Really, the Dollar Tree would probably make a better structure!	I'll probably get my dad to put some nails in it. Really, the Dollar Tree would probably make a better structure!	insert_long
He watches them all the time and takes them everywhere he goes. They were such a good price the shipping was reasonable and fast.	He watches them all the time and takes them everywhere he goes. They were such a good price and the shipping was reasonable and fast.	insert_long
I hope he is having a time!	I hope he is having a fantastic time!	insert_shortThe 12 Steps conspicuous lack of any reference to refraining from drinking, but numerous references to God Most of the steps being re-packaged religious tenants that came straight from Dr.Bobs and Bill W.s own earlier association with the Oxford Groups The Language of the Heart, William G.	The 12 Steps conspicuous lack of any reference to refraining from drinking, but numerous references to God Most of the steps being re-packaged religious tenets that came straight from Dr.Bobs and Bill W.s own earlier association with the Oxford Groups The Language of the Heart, William G.	typo_long
A small pilot hole allowed the service tunnel to brake through without ceremony on 30 October 1990.	A small pilot hole allowed the service tunnel to break through without ceremony on 30 October 1990.	typo_long
This yearly leads onlookers to try to spot the illusive spark.	This yearly leads onlookers to try to spot the elusive spark.	typo_short
Others have been able to adapt the concept of a Higher Power in a manor that works.	Others have been able to adapt the concept of a Higher Power in a manner that works.	typo_short
When her parents died, she used the funds to buy more farms and tracks of land.	When her parents died, she used the funds to buy more farms and tracts of land.	typo_short
The man, the theology, the legend.	The man, the philosophy, the legend.	seman_short
Thanks the reply	Thanks for the reply	insert_short
I think that is right answer.	I think that is the right answer.	insert_short
A few of his songs have complicated beats, but most have a little bit of a more simple beat.	A few of his songs have complex beats, but most have a little bit of a more simple beat.	seman_long
The man, who referred to the creature as Zahir, later told the authorities that he feared for his life when he saw the creature devour the bore within minutes.	The man, who referred to the creature as Zahir, later told the authorities that he feared for his life when he saw the creature devour the boar within minutes.	typo_short
Many electronic additions of the factbook have been available for sale from third parties since the 1980s.	Many electronic editions of the factbook have been available for sale from third parties since the 1980s.	typo_long
It could have had a little more emotion, because is always emotion connected to losing a loved one.	It could have had a little more emotion, because there is always emotion connected to losing a loved one.	insert_long
